High Flint Llama

High

# Inconsistent application of  exchange rate

### Summary

When the `PsmCore::depositPsm` function is called, it issues Cover Tokens (CT) and Depeg Swaps (DS) to users based on an exchange rate, which determines how many tokens they receive for their deposit. For example, if the rate is 1.5, a user would need to deposit 1.5 Redemption Assets (RA) to receive 1 CT and 1 DS. However, when issuing CT and DS for the vault, the exchange rate is not applied.

### Root Cause

The root cause is the inconsistent application of the exchange rate when issuing Cover Tokens (CT) and Depeg Swaps (DS). While the exchange rate is correctly applied when issuing CT and DS to users during the `PsmCore::depositPsm` , it is not applied when issuing CT and DS for the vault. 

### Relevant Code References:

* `PsmCore::depositPsm`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/e77d293c0fbe3ecb6d47ddde9491ade2cf99fbba/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L102

In the above function, we lock the RA amount and issue CT/DS according to the exchange rate applied to that amount.

* `VaultCore::depositLv`

when calling this function we lock and issue the same amount of RA and CT/DS (bypassing the exchange rate). 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/e77d293c0fbe3ecb6d47ddde9491ade2cf99fbba/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L115

During redemption in PSM, we burn or take CT/DS, and the amount of RA unlocked is determined by the same exchange rate.

* `PsmCore::redeemRaWithCtDs`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/e77d293c0fbe3ecb6d47ddde9491ade2cf99fbba/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L186

*  `PsmCore::redeemRaWithDs` 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/e77d293c0fbe3ecb6d47ddde9491ade2cf99fbba/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L339

 
### Impact

*  When the exchange rate is not applied during the issuance of Cover Tokens (CT) and Depeg Swaps (DS), it leads to over-issuance, which dilutes the value of CT tokens and  cause users to incur losses when redeeming CT at expiry.

* The inconsistent issuance creates an imbalance in the Peg Stability Module (PSM), resulting in a situation where the total amount of  DS circulating exceeds the actual RA backing them.  (  if we lock 100 RA and issue 100 DS, when user calls redemption with PA in PSM he gets 100 * 1.5 = 150 RA, because exchange rate is applied)

### PoC

1. Alice deposits 150 ETH into the Peg Stability Module (PSM) at an exchange rate of 1.5. She receives 100 Depeg Swaps (DS) and 100 Cover Tokens (CT). The PSM locks 150 ETH.

2. Bob deposits 1000 ETH into the vault. When calling `PsmLibrary::unsafeIssueToLv`, 950 ETH is locked, and 950 CT and DS are issued. Now, the PSM has 1100 ETH locked, and a total of 1050 CT and DS issued.

3. Redemption Calculation: When Alice redeems her CT, her share of the locked ETH is calculated as:

    * Alice should receive 100×1100 / 1050 = 105 ETH.
    * Bob, with 950 CT, would receive 950×1100 / 1050 ​= 995. ETH.
    
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/e77d293c0fbe3ecb6d47ddde9491ade2cf99fbba/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L413

Loss for Alice: Alice loses approximately 45 ETH due to the over-issuance of CT and DS when Bob deposited ETH in the vault. 

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue, the protocol should apply the same exchange rate when issuing CT and DS for both psm deposits and vault deposits. 