Gentle Ocean Butterfly

Medium

# Incorrect calculations in providing Fee to vault, Leading to Excess CT Minting and Higher Fees

## Summary
providing liquidity to vault calculations are based on this assumption that ra:ct ratio is 1:1. for example:
The function [`calculateProvideLiquidityAmountBasedOnCtPrice()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/MathHelper.sol#L26C1-L35C6) in `MathHelper.sol` incorrectly calculates the amount of RA that should be converted to CT for providing liquidity to the AMM. The function assumes that the amount of CT needed is the same as the amount of RA to be converted into CT, which is only true if the price ratio is 1:1. However, since we have a price ratio retrieved from the AMM, the current calculation is inaccurate.


## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
    function calculateProvideLiquidityAmountBasedOnCtPrice(uint256 amountra, uint256 priceRatio)
        external
        pure
        returns (uint256 ra, uint256 ct)
    {
        ct = (amountra * 1e18) / (priceRatio + 1e18);
        ra = (amountra - ct);


        assert((ct + ra) == amountra);
    }
```
If amountra = 90 and priceRatio = 2, the function calculates:

	•	ct = 30
	•	ra = 60

So Based on this calculation, we should convert 30 RA to CT and send it to AMM along with the remaining 60 RA.
The contract assumes that converting 30 RA to CT will result in 30 CT, but with a price ratio of 2, converting 30 RA would only give 15 CT.  Sending 15 CT and 60 RA to the AMM results in an incorrect ratio, breaking the intended 2:1 ratio.

**Correct Calculation:**
To maintain the correct ratio with amountra = 90 and priceRatio = 2, we should convert 45 RA to CT, which would result in:

	•	45 RA
	•	22.5 CT

This ensures the correct 2:1 ratio (45 RA to 22.5 CT) and allows the correct amount to be sent to the AMM.
### POC

1. A user calls `Psm.repurchase()` with 9000 RA and the fee rate is 1% 
2. It calls `PsmLib.repurchase()` where state is updated, tokens sent and `Fee=90 RA`
3. The fee (90 RA) is passed to `VaultLibrary.provideLiquidityWithFee()`
4. It calls `__provideLiquidityWithRatio()`
  - Which uses `MathHelper.calculateProvideLiquidityAmountBasedOnCtPrice(amount, ctRatio)` with 90 RA
  - Considering priceRatio=2 : (ra, ct) are calculated and returned as (60, 30)
  - These values are then passed to  `__provideLiquidity()`
5. In `__provideLiquidity()` function:
  - It calls `PsmLibrary.unsafeIssueToLv(self, ctAmount)` whith `ctAmount = 30`
  - **This function locks 30 RA (`incLocked(30)`) and mints 30 CT and 30 DS**
6. The remaining 60 RA and minted 30 CT are sent to AMM

What happened here is that **the contract locked 30 RA and minted 30 CT**. 
But 30 RA is worth only 15 CT (priceRatio = 2) and contract has minted extra 15 CT without any backup. This leads to excess CT tokens being minted without backing, resulting in users paying higher fees.
## Impact
All users end up paying more in fees due to incorrect CT token minting, as the contract issues more CT than it should. This leads to unfair overcharging for all users.
This happens in repurchase() and redeemWithCt() functions
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/MathHelper.sol#L26C1-L35C6

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L293-L322
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To convert part of RA to CT (before sending it to the AMM), you have two options to calculate the RA:CT rate:
	•	Use the **priceRatio** from the AMM as the rate. In this case, send RA to the AMM and swap it for CT.
	•	Use the **ExchangeRate()** as the rate. In this case, lock RA and mint CT, similar to how it’s done elsewhere in the code (like in the deposit() function).