Raspy Silver Finch

High

# Exchange rate between RA:CT+DS is not used providing RA tokens to liquidity vault

## Summary

In the Vault Deposit, a portion of the Redemption Asset is used to mint Cover Token + Depeg Swap. Exchange rate is not applied here and for each CT minted we lock the same amount of RA.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `deposit()` function in `VaultLib.sol` is responsible for depositing RA into the Liquidity Vault, with a portion of this RA being used to mint CT + DS for providing liquidity to the AMM pair. However, this process does not account for the actual exchange rate between RA and CT + DS, assuming a 1:1 exchange rate.

In the `__provideLiquidity()` function, the minted CT tokens and the corresponding RA are provided as liquidity to the AMM. However, when `PsmLibrary.unsafeIssueToLv()` is called to account for the locked RA used to mint CT + DS, it incorrectly assumes an exchange rate of 1:1 between RA and CT.
```solidity
function __provideLiquidity(
        State storage self,
        uint256 raAmount,
        uint256 ctAmount,
        IDsFlashSwapCore flashSwapRouter,
        address ctAddress,
        IUniswapV2Router02 ammRouter,
        uint256 dsId
    ) internal {
        // no need to provide liquidity if the amount is 0
        if (raAmount == 0 && ctAmount == 0) {
            return;
        }

        PsmLibrary.unsafeIssueToLv(self, ctAmount);

        __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked(self, raAmount, ctAmount, self.info.redemptionAsset(), ctAddress, ammRouter);

        _addFlashSwapReserve(self, flashSwapRouter, self.ds[dsId], ctAmount);
    }
```

`PsmLibrary.unsafeIssueToLv()` is used to account for the RA token locked in order to mint the CT+DS.

```solidity
function unsafeIssueToLv(State storage self, uint256 amount) internal {
        uint256 dsId = self.globalAssetIdx;

        DepegSwap storage ds = self.ds[dsId];

        self.psm.balances.ra.incLocked(amount);

        ds.issue(address(this), amount);
    }
```

The RA amount locked is equal to the CT amount minted which is equal to exchange rate = 1. Since exchange rate can be different than one, this function should account for it and lock the correct RA based on the exchange rate.

This issue can result in users receiving either fewer or more rewards, depending on whether the exchange rate is higher or lower than 1. Apart from that users might not be incentivized to deposit RA to the vault, but instead directly min DS+CT in the PSM and provide liquidity directly to the AMM pair.
## Impact

Wrong amount of rewards distributed for users
## Code Snippet

`VaultLib.deposit()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L191
`VaultLib.__provideLiquidity()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L153
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use exchange rate when depositing RA to the LV.