Gorgeous Chrome Locust

Medium

# Lack of exchange rate consideration during lvRedeemRaWithCtDs will cause loss for users and protocol

### Summary

The absence of exchange rate consideration in the lvRedeemRaWithCtDs function will cause an unfair redemption process for users and value loss for the protocol. Users will receive less RA than the current market value of their LV tokens when redeeming early, and the protocol will suffer a similar loss when liquidating LP during new issuance.


### Root Cause

In PSMLib:lvRedeemRaWithCtDs the function burns CT and DS tokens without considering their current value relative to RA, effectively treating them as always equal in value to RA
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L125
 lvRedeemRaWithCtDs function:
```solidity 
function lvRedeemRaWithCtDs(State storage self, uint256 amount, uint256 dsId) internal {
    DepegSwap storage ds = self.ds[dsId];
    ds.burnBothforSelf(amount);
}
```
The issue here is that this function simply burns the CT and DS tokens without considering their current value relative to RA. It implicitly assumes a 1:1 ratio.

For example this function is used in early redemption:
```solidity
function _redeemCtDsAndSellExcessCt(
    State storage self,
    uint256 dsId,
    IUniswapV2Router02 ammRouter,
    IDsFlashSwapCore flashSwapRouter,
    uint256 ammCtBalance
) internal returns (uint256 ra) {
    uint256 reservedDs = flashSwapRouter.getLvReserve(self.info.toId(), dsId);
    uint256 redeemAmount = reservedDs >= ammCtBalance ? ammCtBalance : reservedDs;
    reservedDs = flashSwapRouter.emptyReservePartial(self.info.toId(), dsId, redeemAmount);
    ra += redeemAmount;
    PsmLibrary.lvRedeemRaWithCtDs(self, redeemAmount, dsId);
   
}
```
In this function, lvRedeemRaWithCtDs is called with redeemAmount, but the ra is simply incremented by redeemAmount, assuming a 1:1 ratio.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The exchange rate between CT/DS and RA needs to be greater than 1:1


### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User calls redeemEarly function with a certain amount of LV tokens
2. redeemEarly calls _liquidateLpPartial, which liquidates LP tokens for CT and RA
3. _liquidateLpPartial then calls _redeemCtDsAndSellExcessCt, which in turn calls lvRedeemRaWithCtDs
4. lvRedeemRaWithCtDs burns the CT and DS tokens at a 1:1 ratio with RA, ignoring their current market value
5. User receives less RA than the current market value of their original LV tokens

Similarly for protocol during new Issuance, _liquidatedLp calls lvRedeemRaWithCtDs.

### Impact

The users redeeming LV tokens early suffer a loss proportional to the difference between the current market value of CT/DS and the 1:1 ratio used in the redemption. The protocol suffers a similar loss when liquidating LP during new issuance. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement exchange rate for lvRedeemRaWithCtDs