Gorgeous Chrome Locust

Medium

# Missing Exchange Rate consideration in unsafeIssueToLv causes excessive CT/DS token Issuance

### Summary

The protocol will issue excess CT/DS tokens during both user deposits and fee deposits due to missing exchange rate consideration in unsafeIssueToLv, leading to unintended gains and potential economic imbalance.

### Root Cause

In VaultLibrary.sol:__provideLiquidity call to PsmLib.sol:unsafeIssueToLv, the functions issue CT/DS tokens in a 1:1 ratio with RA without considering the current exchange rate

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L115

```solidity
function __provideLiquidity(
    State storage self,
    uint256 raAmount,
    uint256 ctAmount,
    IDsFlashSwapCore flashSwapRouter,
    address ctAddress,
    IUniswapV2Router02 ammRouter,
    uint256 dsId
) internal {
    // ... (other code)
    PsmLibrary.unsafeIssueToLv(self, ctAmount);
    // ... (other code)
}
```
```solidity
// PsmLib.sol
function unsafeIssueToLv(State storage self, uint256 amount) internal {
    uint256 dsId = self.globalAssetIdx;
    DepegSwap storage ds = self.ds[dsId];
    self.psm.balances.ra.incLocked(amount);
    ds.issue(address(this), amount);
}
```

### Internal pre-conditions

1.Exchange rate between RA and CT/DS needs to be greater than 1.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User deposits 200 RA or the protocol collects 200 RA as fees when the exchange rate is 1.2 (1 RA = 1.2 CT/DS).
2. For user deposits, the deposit function in VaultLibrary is called. For fees, provideLiquidityWithFee is called. Both eventually call __provideLiquidityWithRatio.
3. __provideLiquidityWithRatio calls __provideLiquidity, which uses unsafeIssueToLv to mint CT/DS tokens.
4. Assuming a 50:50 ratio for RA and CS during rationing, instead of minting 83.33 CT/DS tokens (100 / 1.2), the function mints 100 CT/DS tokens in exchange of 100 RA
5. For user deposits, the user receives 100 LV tokens. For fees, the protocol receives 100 CT/DS tokens to be added to liquidity.

### Impact

The protocol issues more CT/DS tokens than it should as shown in attack path, leading to various problems like

Token Dilution: Excess issuance of CT/DS tokens dilutes their value, potentially affecting all token holders.
Unintended Gains: Both users (via LV tokens) and the protocol (via fee collection) receive more CT/DS value than intended based on the true RA value.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify unsafeIssueToLv to account for the exchange rate.