Colossal Magenta Elk

Medium

# The UUPS proxie standard is implemented incorrectly, making the protocol not upgradeable

### Summary

Both the ``AssetFactory.sol`` and ``FlashSwapRouter.sol`` contracts inherit the UUPSUpgradeable contract from Openzepelin, indicating that the devs of the protocol want to have the possibility of upgrading the above mentioned contracts at some point in the future. Both of the contracts also implement the OwnableUpgradeable contract, and the *_authorizeUpgrade()* function in both contracts has the **onlyOwner** modifer. This function is used to check whether the person who tries to update the implementation contract in the Proxy has the required access. However in both contracts the initialize function sets the owner of the contract to the ``ModuleCore.sol`` contract as can be seen in the [AssetFactory::initialize()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/assets/AssetFactory.sol#L48-L51) and [FlashSwapRouter::initialize()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/flash-swaps/FlashSwapRouter.sol#L32-L37) functions. The function from the UUPSUpgradeable contract that is used to upgrade the implementation contract in the proxy is the *upgradeToAndCall()* function, however this function can't be called from the ``ModuleCore.sol`` contract, as the functionality is not implemented. The  ``ModuleCore.sol`` contract is the owner of both the contracts, and there isn't any functionality to transfer the ownership either. Thus ``AssetFactory.sol`` and ``FlashSwapRouter.sol`` contracts are effectively not upgradable, breaking a very important functionality of the protocol. 

### Root Cause

The *upgradeToAndCall()* function can't be called from the ``ModuleCore.sol`` contract and upgrade the ``AssetFactory.sol`` and ``FlashSwapRouter.sol`` contracts.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. All the contracts in the protocol are deployed
2. The protocol team decides the want to update the ``AssetFactory.sol`` and/or the ``FlashSwapRouter.sol`` contracts

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Contracts that are expected to be upgradable, can't be upgraded due to missing functionality in the ``ModuleCore.sol`` contract.  

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement a call to the *upgradeToAndCall()* function in the ``ModuleCore.sol`` contract