Dandy Cider Urchin

High

# `AssetFactory.sol` proxy contract cannot be initialized

## Summary
The `notDelegated` modifier in the `initialize` function in the `AssetFactory.sol` contract prevents the proxy contract from being initialized. This means that the contract can not be used as it was intended, i.e. as an upgradeable contract to be called via an EIP-1967 proxy.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `AssetFactory.sol` contract implements OpenZeppelin's UUPS (Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard). It serves as the implementation contract which should be called by an EIP-1967 proxy using `delegatecall`. This means that contract initialization should happen also via `delegatecall` and state changes should happen on the proxy contract's state. However, in the `AssetFactory.sol` contract this is impossible because of the `notDelegated` modifier.

## Impact
The `AssetFactory.sol` smart contract is unusable, because it cannot be initialized. This prevents Depeg Swaps and Cover Tokens from being created, and since they are some of the most important pillars of the protocol, this makes the whole protocol unusable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/assets/AssetFactory.sol#L48

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the `notDelegated` modifier from the `initalize` function to allow the proxy contract to be initialized.

```solidity
contract AssetFactory is IAssetFactory, OwnableUpgradeable, UUPSUpgradeable {
    ...
-     function initialize(address moduleCore) external initializer notDelegated {...}
+     function initialize(address moduleCore) external initializer {...}
}
```