Colossal Magenta Elk

Medium

# Users who requested to redeem their LV tokens, can't cancel their request.

### Summary

The Corc protocol allows users to mint LV token via the [Vault::depositLv()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/Vault.sol#L33-L37) function. If users want to redeem their LV tokens they have to call the [Vault::requestRedemption()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/Vault.sol#L83-L87) function. However they will have to wait until the CT and DS tokens expire. If they decide they want to keep their LV tokens for longer, and accrue more rewards, they can't do nothing. Note that there is a separate problem with the accrual of rewards for LV holders. The protocol has implemented the [VaultLib::cancelRedemptionRequest()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L238-L253) function, however it can't be called by users, as it is not implemented anywhere in the ``Vault.sol`` contract. 

### Root Cause

The [VaultLib::cancelRedemptionRequest()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L238-L253) function it is not implemented anywhere in the ``Vault.sol`` contract.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Users can't cancel their requests to redeem their LV tokens. This is a critical functionality of the protocol. As users who have requested to redeem their LV tokens, but before they have had the chance to fully redeem them, they decide they want to keep accruing rewards on their LV tokens, can't cancel their request redemptions. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

In the ``Vault.sol`` contract. implement the [VaultLib::cancelRedemptionRequest()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L238-L253) function, so users can cancel their request to redeem LV tokens. 