Gorgeous Chrome Locust

High

# Protocol will lose access to repurchased RA tokens after issue expiry, impacting CT holders.

### Summary

Lack of proper accounting for repurchased RA tokens will cause a loss of access to these tokens for the protocol after expiry, as the tokens will be stuck in the contract without being accounted for in the PSM archive.

### Root Cause

In PsmLibrary.sol, the repurchase function uses lockUnchecked instead of lockFrom
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L310

```solidity
self.psm.balances.ra.lockUnchecked(amount, buyer);
```
This fails to update the internal accounting of locked RA tokens. Consequently, these tokens are not included in the locked balance. This omission has significant implications:

The convertAllToFree function, which is crucial for managing token balances during expiry, only considers the locked balance:

```solidity
function convertAllToFree(PsmRedemptionAssetManager storage self) internal returns (uint256) {
    if (self.locked == 0) {
        return self.free;
    }

    self.free = self.free + self.locked;
    self.locked = 0;

    return self.free;
}
```
Since the repurchased RA tokens are not added to locked, they are not included when convertAllToFree is called during the expiry process. This means these tokens are effectively "lost" from the accounting perspective after expiry, even though they remain in the contract.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A repurchase transaction occurs before expiry to set unaccounted RA balance to be greater than 0.
2. The expiry event happens, triggering the separation of liquidity and creation of PSM archive

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User calls repurchase function before expiry
2. Contract receives RA tokens but doesn't update internal locked balance
3. Expiry occurs, triggering liquidity separation
4. PSM archive is created based on internal locked and free balances, excluding repurchased RA tokens
5. Repurchased RA tokens remain in the contract but are not accounted for in any balance or the PSM archive

### Impact

The protocol suffers a loss of access to the repurchased RA tokens after expiry. CT holders trying to redeem RA/PA after expiry will not receive their fair share of RA tokens during redemption, as some tokens are effectively stuck in the contract.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Replace lockUnchecked with lockFrom in the repurchase function