Ambitious Neon Otter

Medium

# To update Cork Config, the caller needs to have both Manager role and Default Admin role.

### Summary

In order to perform any of the updates to the Cork configuration, the caller needs to have both the Manager and Default Admin role. This is because of the incorrect logic in the `onlyManager()` modifier. Default Admin is the supreme role which can grant Manager role.

As a result, to be a manager, the caller should have a manager role or the caller is default Admin. There is no need to have both roles.

```solidity
   modifier onlyManager() {
        if (!hasRole(MANAGER_ROLE, msg.sender) && !hasRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, msg.sender)) {
            revert CallerNotManager();
        }
        _;
    }
```




### Root Cause

In `CorkConfig.sol`,  most of the functions in the contract have  `onlyManager()` modifier. So, for any of these functions to work as expected, the caller should satisfy the validation rules of `onlyManager()` modifier.

Since the `onlyManager()` modifier condition expected the caller to be both Manager and Default admin roles. If a caller holds only manager role or Default admin role, the call to these functions will revert.


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/CorkConfig.sol#L27-L32

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Assign the caller only Default admin role and make a call to one of the config update functions.
2. The call will revert
3. Assign the manager role as well to the caller and make the same call, it should succeed.


### Impact

Default admin will not be able to perform any updates to the cork configuration.
Any account with Manager role will not be able to perform updates to the cork configuration.

In order to perform the configuration update, the caller should have have both roles.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Revise the code as below

```solidity
modifier onlyManager() {
-        if (!hasRole(MANAGER_ROLE, msg.sender) &&!hasRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, msg.sender)) {
+        if (!hasRole(MANAGER_ROLE, msg.sender) || !hasRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, msg.sender)) {
            revert CallerNotManager();
        }
        _;
    }
```