Dandy Cider Urchin

Medium

# Missing `_disableInitializers` Call in Proxy Upgradeable Contract Constructor

## Summary
The `AssetFactory.sol` contract implements OpenZeppelin's UUPS (Universal Upgradeable Proxy Standard). Uninitialized implementation contracts implementing UUPS can be taken over by an attacker by calling the `initialize` function with arbitrary arguments. To prevent this, it is recommended to call `_disableInitializers()` in the constructor.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `AssetFactory.sol` contract implements the UUPS pattern using OpenZeppelin's upgradeable contracts. In the UUPS pattern, the implementation contract is separate from the proxy contract, and the proxy delegates calls to the implementation. However, one critical security issue arises if the implementation contract is left uninitialized: an attacker could exploit this by interacting with the implementation contract directly and calling the initialize function with arbitrary arguments, thereby gaining control of the contract.

To prevent this security issue, OpenZeppelin provides a `_disableInitializers()` function, which should be called in the constructor of the implementation contract. This function ensures that the contract cannot be initialized after deployment, effectively locking the implementation and preventing unauthorized initialization.

## Impact
This introduces a serious problem, the implementation contract can be taken over by an attacker.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/assets/AssetFactory.sol#L14

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include a call to `_disableInitializers()` in the constructor of `AssetFactory.sol`.

```solidity
contract AssetFactory is IAssetFactory, OwnableUpgradeable, UUPSUpgradeable {
    ....
+ constructor() {
+    _disableInitializers();
+ }
    ...
}
```