Powerful Opal Mole

Invalid

# Improper Token Handling in Flash Swap Process During ::swapRaforDs and ::swapDsForRa Functions letting users swap without proper repayment back

## summary
The issue involves improper token handling during the flash swap process in the swapRaforDs and |_swapDsForRa` functions. Specifically, there is a misalignment in how the `amountOut` amounts was calculated and passed between the functions, leading to potential vulnerabilities where a malicious user could exploit the system to receive more tokens than intended or cause the protocol to under-repay the flash swap, leading to a loss of assets.

## Vulnerability Detail
The core issue arises in how the amountOut (calculated by [getAmountSellDS](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/e77d293c0fbe3ecb6d47ddde9491ade2cf99fbba/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/DsFlashSwap.sol#L157))  amount are handled during the swapping process. Here’s a breakdown of the issue:
The `amountOut` returned by `getAmountSellDS` represents the amount of `RA` tokens that the protocol will receive when selling `DS` tokens< which is a crucial part However, in the `_swapDsForRa` function, this `amountOut` is incorrectly passed to the `ctAmount` extraData parameter in the `__flashSwap` function, which represents the amount of RA tokens that the protocol will receive (or the user will get) after selling a specified amount of DS tokens. 

Now, The `_flashSwap` function facilitates a temporary swap where a user can borrow tokens without upfront collateral, use those tokens within the same transaction, and then repay the borrowed tokens, however the borrowed AmountOut was never determined and so the repayment amount where this would be the amount that needs to be repaid to complete the swap, ensuring that any borrowed tokens in a flash swap are covered.

When a user calls `swapRaforDs`, they are initiating a swap where they give RA tokens and want to receive DS tokens in return.

There comes a internal call :: `_swapDsForRa`,  the primary goal here is to manage the sale of DS tokens held by the protocol's reserves in exchange for RA tokens. This is part of maintaining the liquidity or other internal balances of the system.

Within `_swapDsForRa`, the function `getAmountSellDS` is called.

amountOut (Returned by getAmountSellDS):

This amount is crucial for understanding how much the protocol can expect in RA tokens when it sells DS tokens.

Now when `Ds` tokens are being sold it doesn't return the repayment amount(RA) to facilitate the token swap. 

If the RA tokens 950 amountOut, the repayment token will be 0 (needed for the flashSwap) 
## Impact

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation