Fantastic Heather Hedgehog

Medium

# No Storage Gap for Upgradeable Contract Might Lead to Storage Slot Collision

## Summary
For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to “allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments” (quote OpenZeppelin). Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts, potentially causing loss of user fund or cause the contract to malfunction completely.

## Vulnerability Detail
Storage gaps are essential wherever inheritance is used in upgradeable contracts. However, both the `AssetFactory` and `RouterState` contracts does not contain a storage gap. A storage gap consists of reserved empty storage slots that act as a buffer, allowing future upgrades to safely introduce new state variables without interfering with the layout of the current variables. Without this buffer, future upgrades could cause storage collisions, resulting in overwritten data or contract failure.

Reference:
   https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#storage-gaps

## Impact
Without storage gaps, future upgrades of these contracts would be severely constrained.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/assets/AssetFactory.sol#L14

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/flash-swaps/FlashSwapRouter.sol#L25

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add storage gaps to both the `AssetFactory` and `RouterState` contracts.