Lucky Tangerine Halibut

Medium

# VaultLib.sol :: cancelRedemptionRequest() is not implemented anywhere, preventing users from being able to cancel their redemption requests.

### Summary

**`cancelRedemptionRequest()`** is intended to allow users to cancel their redemption requests. However, the issue is that this function exists only in a library and is not implemented in any contract. 

As seen in [Vault.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/Vault.sol) and [IVault.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/interfaces/IVault.sol), the function is missing from these contracts. Additionally, if you search the codebase, you'll find that **`cancelRedemptionRequest()`** is only present in **`VaultLib.sol`**. 

This results in users being unable to cancel their redemption requests.

### Root Cause

The root cause is that **`cancelRedemptionRequest()`** exists only in the [VaultLib.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L238-L253) library and is not implemented in any contract.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

There is no attack vector, as the issue is inherent in the code itself.

### Impact

Users are unable to cancel their redemption requests, preventing them from relocking their assets if desired.

### PoC

As you can see in the code, **`cancelRedemptionRequest()`** is never implemented in any contract, it's only present in the library (**`VaultLib.sol`**).

### Mitigation

In **`IVault.sol`**, add the **`cancelRedemptionRequest()`** interface, and implement the corresponding logic in **`Vault.sol`** to allow users to cancel their redemption requests.