Wobbly Brown Corgi

Medium

# Unsafe approval performed in VaultLib.sol

### Summary

The VaultLib.sol __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked() is called by the protocol during the process of a user depositing into a liqudity vault. VaultLib.sol __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked() function is used by the protocol to add liquidity to UniswapV2 using IUniswapV2Router02 router. In order to do this, we make approvals to the redemption asset ( ERC20(raAddress) ) of amount raAmount. However, in doing so we do not check if the approval for the router was set to zero before hand. Certain tokens require that the approved amount for a token is set to 0 before another approval is set to avoid approval front running attacks. An example of such a token is USDT (note USDT will not be supported in the protocol due to having 6 decimals. I am just providing an example of a well known token that has this approve to 0 behavior). 

Many tokens implement this feature to avoid situations as such: 
1. Alice approves Bob for 10 tokens. 
2. Alice sends a transaction to decrease Bob's approval to 5 tokens. 
3. Bob sees this transaction, and front runs it to spend the 10 tokens Alice had previously approved. 
4. The transaction from Alice is processed, giving Bob an additional 5 tokens to spend. 
5. Alice wished to reduce Bob's original approval amount from 10 to 5 tokens. However, due to Bob's malicious activities, he was able to spend 15 of Alice's tokens. 

### Root Cause

The root cause is line 66 in VaultLib.sol's __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked() function : 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L66

```solidity
function __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked(
        State storage self,
        uint256 raAmount,
        uint256 ctAmount,
        address raAddress,
        address ctAddress,
        IUniswapV2Router02 ammRouter
    ) internal {
        (uint256 raTolerance, uint256 ctTolerance) =
            MathHelper.calculateWithTolerance(raAmount, ctAmount, MathHelper.UNIV2_STATIC_TOLERANCE);

        //@Audit : ---- unsafe approval ----
        ERC20(raAddress).approve(address(ammRouter), raAmount);
     
        ERC20(ctAddress).approve(address(ammRouter), ctAmount);

        (address token0, address token1, uint256 token0Amount, uint256 token1Amount) =
            MinimalUniswapV2Library.sortTokensUnsafeWithAmount(raAddress, ctAddress, raAmount, ctAmount);
        (,, uint256 token0Tolerance, uint256 token1Tolerance) =
            MinimalUniswapV2Library.sortTokensUnsafeWithAmount(raAddress, ctAddress, raTolerance, ctTolerance);

        (,, uint256 lp) = ammRouter.addLiquidity(
            token0, token1, token0Amount, token1Amount, token0Tolerance, token1Tolerance, address(this), block.timestamp
        );

        self.vault.config.lpBalance += lp;
    }
```

### Internal pre-conditions

In many cases the ammRouter might not utilize the entirety of the raAmount approved due to slippage. In this case, if a set to 0 approval token is used, all future calls to __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked() will revert. This is because future calls to ERC20(raAddress).approve(address(ammRouter), raAmount) will revert since the approved amount is not 0 before we try to approve additional amounts of redemption assets for the ammRouter. Approved amount should be set to 0 after the we call ammRouter.addLiquidity to ensure that the function works for future calls. 

It is important to note that this is significant since redemption assets can be any ERC20 asset that a pegged asset derives its value from. Therefore it is highly likely that an ERC20 which requires a set to 0 approval will be used as a redemption asset by the protocol sometime in the future. Note that the protocol aims to support all standard ERC-20 tokens with 18 decimals via the contest description. 

### External pre-conditions

A token that require the approval to be set to zero before setting it to a non-zero value is used as the Redemption Asset. 

### Attack Path

1. A token that require the approval to be set to zero before setting it to a non-zero value is used as the Redemption Asset. 
2. The ammRouter is used during the process of a user depositing into a liquidity vault. Due to slippage the entire approved amount is not used. 
3. The ammRouter is not usable anymore due to the fact that the ammRouter has a non-zero approved amount of redemption asset. Any calls to __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked() will revert because we are unable to set another non-zero approval. 

### Impact

The __addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked() function will not work for future calls. This will disrupt the ability of users to deposit into Liquidity Vaults. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

You could manually set approval to 0 after calling ammRouter.addLiquidity(). You could also use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20.sol library. It provides a safeIncreaseAllowance() function which makes sure that approvals are set to 0 beforehand. 