Attractive Hazel Ram

High

# Lack of Authorization Check in the Transfer of Redemption Rights Can Lead to Stolen User Funds

## Summary
The `transferRedemptionRights` function in the `VaultLibrary.sol` contract allows a malicious user to transfer the redemption rights of another user without any authorization check. This enables the malicious user to steal funds from the vault by exploiting the lack of proper access control.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability stems from the [transferRedemptionRights](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L255) function, which does not check if the caller (msg.sender) is authorized to transfer the rights of another user. As long as the victim has an eligible amount for withdrawal `self.vault.pool.withdrawEligible`, any malicious user can exploit this by transferring the victim’s redemption rights to themselves. 

1. The victim requests a redemption, and their eligible amount is set in the contract.
2. The malicious user calls the `transferRedemptionRights()` function, transferring the victim's redemption rights to themselves without authorization.
3. The malicious user then calls a redemption function (e.g., `redeemExpired()` or `redeemEarly()`) to redeem the funds for themselves, effectively stealing the victim's assets.

## Impact
A malicious user can execute the `transferRedemptionRights` function to transfer another user's redemption rights to themselves without being authorized. This enables the attacker to perform a redemption and steal the legitimate user's funds.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function transferRedemptionRights(State storage self, address from, address to, uint256 amount) external {
    uint256 initialOwneramount = self.vault.pool.withdrawEligible[from];

    if (initialOwneramount == 0) {
        revert Unauthorized(msg.sender);
    }

    if (initialOwneramount < amount) {
        revert InsufficientBalance(from, amount, initialOwneramount);
    }

    self.vault.pool.withdrawEligible[to] += amount;
    self.vault.pool.withdrawEligible[from] -= amount;
 }
```
Note: This code lacks any check to verify if the caller has permission to transfer the rights.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a proper authorization check to ensure that only the owner of the redemption rights (the user who requested redemption) can transfer their rights.