Dandy Cider Urchin

Medium

# `AssetFactory.sol` and `ModuleCore.sol` circular dependency at deployment time

## Summary
The `ModuleCore.sol` contract takes the address of the asset factory as a constructor argument at deployment time. The `AssetFactory.sol` contract takes the address of the module core in it's initializer function. Since `AssetFactory.sol` is an UUPS Upgradeble smart contract, the `ERC1967Proxy` contract should be initialized in the same transaction where it is deployed to prevent front-running attacks.

There is a circular dependency here that means the deployment will fail. 

## Vulnerability Detail
`ModuleCore.sol` and `AssetFactory.sol` depdend on each other's addresses for deployment. This introduces a circular dependency that makes successful deployment of the smart contracts impossible.

ERC1967 Proxy contracts should be created and initialized in the same transaction to prevent front-running such as below:
```solidity
 constructor(address implementation, bytes memory _data) payable {
        ERC1967Utils.upgradeToAndCall(implementation, _data);
}
```

## Impact
The smart contract system can not be deployed successfully, and that makes the protocol unusable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/assets/AssetFactory.sol#L48

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/ModuleCore.sol#L23

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove `_swapAssetFactory' constructor argument from `ModuleCore.sol` and have a separate function `setSwapAssetFactory` that allows only the owner to set the correct factory address only once.