Raspy Silver Finch

High

# Initial AMM price ratio can be manipulated


## Summary

When providing liquidity to the AMM during new DS issuance, when depositing to the vault, or with fees, the protocol checks the current price ratio of RA:CT in order to calculate how much RA and CT are needed to be sent to the pair. Current implementation account for the case where the pool might be empty and calculating the ratio based on the reserves in it wont work. This provides an opportunity for attackers to manipulate the price ratio before the first provision of liquidity.

## Vulnerability Detail

`____getAmmCtPriceRatio()` is used to get the current RA:CT price ration in the AMM.

```solidity
function __getAmmCtPriceRatio(State storage self, IDsFlashSwapCore flashSwapRouter, uint256 dsId)
        internal
        view
        returns (uint256 ratio)
    {
        // This basically means that if the reserve is empty, then we use the default ratio supplied at deployment
        ratio = self.ds[dsId].exchangeRate() - self.vault.initialDsPrice;

        // will always fail for the first deposit
        try flashSwapRouter.getCurrentPriceRatio(self.info.toId(), dsId) returns (uint256, uint256 _ctRatio) {
            ratio = _ctRatio;
        } catch {}
    }
```

Since Ethereum’s mainnet has a public mempool, attackers can monitor when the first vault deposit is about to occur. It is expected that the initial liquidity provision will use a specific price ratio set by the protocol. However,since the AMM pair is empty, an attacker can frontrun the transaction by providing a small amount of liquidity to the pool first. This allows the attacker to set an incorrect RA:CT price ratio that deviates significantly from the expected initial ratio.

Consider the following scenario: (for simplicity `AMM X*Y =K` is not correct in the current example, but is close to a correct one)
	1. New issuance has occured with exchange rate between RA:CT+DS = 1.
	2. Attacker mints 10 CT + 10 DS by providing 10 RA
	3. Another user decide to deposit 50 RA to the LV
	4. It is expected that liquidty sent to the AMM would be ~50% RA ~ 50% CT
	5. Attacker frontrun the deposit transaction and deposits 1 RA and 0.1 CT
	6. Now the price ration between RA:CT would be much higher than expected.
	7. Only small amount of the user's 50 RA would be used to mint CT and almost all of it(RA) are going to be provided to the pair
	8. New pair reserves are going to be ~45 RA and 4.5 CT
	9. Now attacker can provide his CT tokens in order to get more RA than initially invested.

This deviation from the initial price would persist over time, undermining the protocol’s core functionality and making it unusable. The issue arises because the protocol does not provide initial liquidity to the newly created pair, leaving it vulnerable to manipulation. Without setting the initial price through a controlled liquidity provision, attackers can easily deviate the RA:CT price ratio, causing long-term imbalances that disrupt the protocol's intended operations.
## Impact

Protocol is going to be completely unusable as intended.

## Code Snippet

`VaultLib.onNewIssuance()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L92
`VaultLib.deposit()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L191
`VaultLib.provideLiquidityWithFee()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L602
`VaultLib.__getAmmCtPriceRatio()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L139
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Always provide initial liquidity to newly created pairs to set the initial price ratio.