Blurry Blush Mouse

Medium

# Malicious user will DoS new issuance of `Ra`, `Pa` pairs leading to losses in case of depeg events

### Summary

[AssetFactory::issueNewDs()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/ModuleCore.sol#L57) creates a new `Ra`, `Ct` pair for each new `Ds` issuance via [UniswapV2Factory.createPair()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/ModuleCore.sol#L77). However, the factory reverts if the pair has already been created, making it trivial for users to frontrun the transaction and DoS it. 

The `UniswapV2Factory` allows [creating](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/master/contracts/UniswapV2Factory.sol#L23) a pair without the tokens having code. The only variable that changes on the pair creation is the address of the `ct` token, which is deployed every time based on the nonce of the `ModuleCore`. This means an attacker can precompute the address of the `ct` token and create pairs in the `UniswapV2Factory` in advance such that issuing new `Ds` always reverts.

Issuing new `Ds` is time sensitive because after the previous one expires, the value of `Ds` goes to 0, and a new issuance is required so the `Ds` tokens gets value. In case a depeg event happens, `Ds` is key for users and the protocol profit because this token coupled with the pegged asset `Pa` can be redeemed for `Ra`, such that users receive the arbitrage and the protocol the corresponding fee.

Thus, by DoSing the issuance of new `Ds` attackers can put at risk the whole operation of the protocol and miss a depeg event.

### Root Cause

In `ModuleCore.sol:77` it creates a pair without checking if the pair already exists.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Attacker calculates the address of the next `ct` token minted by the `ModuleCore` and creates several `Ra`, `Ct` pairs in the uniswap factory such that `ModuleCore::issueNewDs()` reverts.

### Impact

The protocol becomes useless and misses depeg events, leading to loss of fees for users and the protocol.

### PoC

`ModuleCore::issueNewDs()`:
```solidity
function issueNewDs(Id id, uint256 expiry, uint256 exchangeRates, uint256 repurchaseFeePrecentage)
    external
    override
    onlyConfig
    onlyInitialized(id)
{
    ...
    address ammPair = getAmmFactory().createPair(ra, ct);
    ...
}
```

### Mitigation

Only create a new pair if it does not already exist.