Dandy Cider Urchin

Medium

# `FlashSwapRouter.sol` and `ModuleCore.sol` circular dependency at deployment time

## Summary
The ModuleCore.sol contract takes the address of the flash swap router as a constructor argument at deployment time. The FlashSwapRouter.sol contract takes the address of the module core in it's initializer function. Since FlashSwapRouter.sol is an UUPS Upgradeble smart contract, the ERC1967Proxy contract should be initialized in the same transaction where it is deployed to prevent front-running attacks.

There is a circular dependency here that means the deployment will fail.

## Vulnerability Detail
ModuleCore.sol and FlashSwapRouter.sol depdend on each other's addresses for deployment. This introduces a circular dependency that makes successful deployment of the smart contracts impossible.

ERC1967 Proxy contracts should be created and initialized in the same transaction to prevent front-running such as below:
```solidity
 constructor(address implementation, bytes memory _data) payable {
        ERC1967Utils.upgradeToAndCall(implementation, _data);
}
```

## Impact
The smart contract system can not be deployed successfully, and that makes the protocol unusable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/ModuleCore.sol#L23

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/flash-swaps/FlashSwapRouter.sol#L39

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the flash swap router constructor argument from ModuleCore.soland have a separate function `setFlashSwapRouter` that allows only the owner to set the correct address only once.