Raspy Pear Mammoth

Medium

# Incorrect token transfer breaks core flash swap mechanism

## Summary

The `__afterFlashswapSell` function in the RouterState contract incorrectly handles flash loan repayments

## Vulnerability Detail

The `__afterFlashswap`  function incorrectly sends the flash loan repayment amount (raAttributed) to the caller (the swap initiator) instead to msg.sender (Flash loan provider). 

The caller, who is supposed to be sent the swap profit (received - raAttributed), instead receives the repayment amount (raAttributed) meant to repay the flash loan provider.

The implementation wrongly sets repaymentAmount = received - raAttributed) which instead should be repaymentAmount = raAttributed.  Also it swapped what should be for msg.sender and caller interchangeably. 

This breaks for the core of the Flash swap mechanism in UniswapV2. 

In Uniswap V2 flash swap, the pair contract checks its token balances before and after the swap to ensure it has received the correct repayment. When this check fails , the entire transaction will reverts

This will make the  `__afterFlashswap` to always reverts as the incorrect amount is being sent as repaymentAmount to the flash loan provider.

## Impact

This vulnerability breaks the core of the flash swap mechanism, as every attempts of the user to call this function will always fail.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/core/flash-swaps/FlashSwapRouter.sol#L380-#L408

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

Change the __afterFlashswapSell function to:

```diff

function __afterFlashswapSell(
    ReserveState storage self,
    uint256 ctAmount,
    Id reserveId,
    uint256 dsId,
    address caller,
    uint256 raAttributed
) internal {
    // ...

    (uint256 received,) = psm.redeemRaWithCtDs(reserveId, ctAmount);

-   uint256 repaymentAmount = received - raAttributed;
+   uint256 repaymentAmount = raAttributed; 
+   repaymentAmount += 1;  // satisfy uniswapv2 rules
    Asset ra = assetPair.ra;
+  assert(repaymentAmount + raAttributed >= received);
+  IERC20(ra).safeTransfer(caller, received - raAttributed);  // send difference to user
+  IERC20(ra).safeTransfer(msg.sender, repaymentAmount); // repay the flashloan
}

```

This change ensures that the flash loan provider (msg.sender) receives the correct repayment amount, and the caller receives the profit from the swap.
