Virtual Tawny Newt

Medium

# Wrong accounting in case of using stETH as RA due to 1-2 Wei loss per transfer.

## Summary
Protocol intends to allow usage of stETH as a pegged asset or even as a redemption asset per the litepaper but doesn't consider edge case in it's transfer mechanism which would lead to discrepancy between the accounting balance and the actual token balance.

## Vulnerability Detail
There is a known [issue ](https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-dao/issues/442) with stETH that the actual transferred amount can be 1-2 Wei less due to rounding in balance calculations. 
This will cause issues in accounting of the current protocol if stETH used as a redemption asset(RA). 
All the RA deposits into the PSM are kept in the ```locked``` variable and the amount assigned to this variable is taken directly from the  ```amount``` that the user calls with. The actual amount transferred will be 1-2 Wei less due to above issue. 
Therefore the ```locked``` variable will be assigned more amount than the actual contract balance which will lead to issues when redeeming or converting to free etc. Negative or positive rebasing of stETH  will also influence contract balance which will lead to additional issue. 

## Impact
Potential dos due to the wrong assumption of holdings.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/RedemptionAssetManagerLib.sol#L32-L35

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L84-L108

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Balance checks before and after transfers can be done but it will complicate the flow. Therefore it is better to not use stETH as RA and instead use wstETH.