Round Rosewood Anteater

High

# Disabled slippage protection in Uniswap operations exposes users to sandwich attacks and unfavorable trades

## Summary

Disabled slippage protection in Uniswap operations exposes users to sandwich attacks and unfavorable trades.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the VaultLib.sol contract, the functions `_redeemCtDsAndSellExcessCt()` and `__liquidateUnchecked()` interact with Uniswap V2 Router without implementing proper slippage protection. This oversight significantly increases the risk of users experiencing unfavorable trades and falling victim to sandwich attacks.

In `_redeemCtDsAndSellExcessCt()`:

[VaultLib.sol#L345](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L345)
```solidity
ra += ammRouter.swapExactTokensForTokens(ctSellAmount, 0, path, address(this), block.timestamp)[1];
```

The second parameter `amountOutMin` is set to `0`, effectively disabling slippage protection.

Similarly, in `__liquidateUnchecked()`:

[VaultLib.sol#L280-L282](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L280-L282)
```solidity
// amountAMin & amountBMin = 0 for 100% tolerence
(raReceived, ctReceived) =
    ammRouter.removeLiquidity(raAddress, ctAddress, lp, 0, 0, address(this), block.timestamp);
```

Both `amountAMin` and `amountBMin` are set to `0`, again nullifying slippage protection.

## Impact

These functions are vulnerable to sandwich attacks, where malicious actors can manipulate the price before and after the transaction, exposing users to potential significant financial losses due to unfavorable trade execution.
In volatile market conditions, trades may execute at extremely unfavorable rates without any safeguards.

## Code Snippet

- [VaultLib.sol#L345](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L345)
- [VaultLib.sol#L280-L282](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/db23bf67e45781b00ee6de5f6f23e621af16bd7e/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L280-L282)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement a slippage tolerance parameter in the affected functions.