Agreeable Plastic Rooster

Medium

# Using block.timestamp as deadline does not equate instantaneous execute.

## Summary
Submitting deadline as block.timestamp is a bad idea since malicious miner can hold it until the transaction is favourable to them. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Using block.timestamp as the expiry or deadline of an operation doesn’t enforce immediate execution. Instead, it indicates that the caller is comfortable with the transaction being included in whichever block it is mined in. However, this opens the door for potential manipulation by malicious miners, who could delay the transaction (for example, through the flashbots mempool used for bundling transactions) until conditions are most advantageous to them. This delay could lead to maximum slippage under the transaction’s slippage tolerance or trigger unfavorable events like liquidations. To mitigate this risk, expiry times should be determined off-chain and set explicitly by the caller, reducing the potential for unnecessary Miner Extractable Value (MEV).

There are 3 instances 
1. ``__addLiquidityToAmmUnchecked()`` 
2. ``__liquidateUnchecked``
3. ``    function _redeemCtDsAndSellExcessCt()``

## Impact
 MEV exploitation. Could be considered Medium as it allows MEV to be extracted by delaying tx inclusion.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L74-L76
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L282
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L345

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure a deadline parameter is passed. 