Micro Pineapple Chicken

High

# Incorrect calculation of fees

### Summary

The `previewRepurchase` function in the `PsmLib.sol` contract incorrectly calls the `calculatePrecentageFee` function with the wrong parameters. The first parameter should represent a fee, while the second should represent an amount.

### Root Cause

The issue arises because the `previewRepurchase` function is calling the `calculatePercentageFee` function with the parameters in the wrong order. It should pass the fee as the first parameter and the amount as the second, but currently, they are reversed. This mistake leads to incorrect fee calculations.

This issue was identified in multiple places:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L276

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/PsmLib.sol#L341

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L658

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-cork-protocol/blob/main/Depeg-swap/contracts/libraries/VaultLib.sol#L678

### Internal pre-conditions

There are no internal pre-conditions

### External pre-conditions

There are no external pre-conditions

### Attack Path

User calls `previewRepurchase` or other functions mentioned above which have the same issue

### Impact

If the fees are calculated incorrectly, it may lead to significant financial discrepancies. Users could pay more or less than intended, affecting trust in the contract and potentially leading to economic exploitation.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To resolve this issue the `calculatePrecentageFee` must receive the correct parameters in the correct order.

Here's a example of how it must looks like in `previewRepurchase` function.

```diff
- fee = MathHelper.calculatePrecentageFee(received, feePrecentage);
+ fee = MathHelper.calculatePrecentageFee(feePrecentage, received);
```

The order must be updated in all places where this issue was identified.